notes/spring-cloud/README.md, before:

http://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/Dalston.RELEASE/#_service_discovery_eureka_clients

http://www.baeldung.com/spring-cloud-netflix-eureka

Unlike the old style spring project, a spring cloud application consists of many microservices. 
Some are customly designed for business purpose, some are more like provided infrastructure. It can 
be tricky for beginners to spot the missing microservice that is compulsory for the whole project. 

1. Like the old style spring project, a spring cloud application usually need a DATABASE service. 

2. If the spring cloud application is using RabbitMQ, then RABBITMQ, and its dependency ERLANG, should be provided

3. If the spring cloud is using Eureka, then a EUREKA server should be provide. Unlike the database and rabbitMQ 
services, a Eureka server is not installed BUT provided by you. Writing an Eureka server is simply editing handful
lines to the initial spring-boot project. A working Eureka server can be found in:


	https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-eureka/spring-cloud-eureka-server
	
4. If the spring cloud is using spring-cloud-config, then a CONFIG server should be provided. This job is similar to 
providing a Eureka server, but need more configuration. Example can be found in:


	https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config
	
	
	https://github.com/spring-cloud-samples/configserver

Commit message:

noted basic usage of spring data rest

notes/spring-cloud/README.md, after:


**** 2017-05-23

Spring Data Rest

https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-rest/
http://www.baeldung.com/spring-data-rest-intro

Spring data rest provides a framework that provides a default mapping from database to restful API. 

Since the rest api for data is auto generated following some default rules, it is important to have a way to browse
it, as well as to know the rules clearly.

To browser the rest api generated by Spring Data Rest, for new applications, simplely curl localhost:8080. If you see some link
like:

	http://localhost:8080/people{?page,size,sort}, it means you can do things like:
	
	http://localhost:8080/people?page=1&size=10&sort=true
 
However, where are the rules for spring data rest? How to customize its behavior? A future research is yelling out.
****

http://cloud.spring.io/spring-cloud-static/Dalston.RELEASE/#_service_discovery_eureka_clients

http://www.baeldung.com/spring-cloud-netflix-eureka

Unlike the old style spring project, a spring cloud application consists of many microservices. 
Some are customly designed for business purpose, some are more like provided infrastructure. It can 
be tricky for beginners to spot the missing microservice that is compulsory for the whole project. 

1. Like the old style spring project, a spring cloud application usually need a DATABASE service. 

2. If the spring cloud application is using RabbitMQ, then RABBITMQ, and its dependency ERLANG, should be provided

3. If the spring cloud is using Eureka, then a EUREKA server should be provide. Unlike the database and rabbitMQ 
services, a Eureka server is not installed BUT provided by you. Writing an Eureka server is simply editing handful
lines to the initial spring-boot project. A working Eureka server can be found in:


	https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-eureka/spring-cloud-eureka-server
	
4. If the spring cloud is using spring-cloud-config, then a CONFIG server should be provided. This job is similar to 
providing a Eureka server, but need more configuration. Example can be found in:


	https://github.com/eugenp/tutorials/tree/master/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-config
	
	
	https://github.com/spring-cloud-samples/configserver
